{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 AmericanTypewriter-CondensedBold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Noteworthy-Light;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 AmericanTypewriter;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 AmericanTypewriter-Light;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28300\viewh14900\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs38 \cf0 Sirena DeGarmo\

\fs36 000\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
4628151\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\

\fs38 Activity: Problem Solving\

\fs36 Scalable Data Infrastructures\
03-WDDB\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf0 Define the problem\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc
\cf0 Break the problem apart\
Identify potential solutions\
Evaluate each potential solution\
Choose a solution and develop a plan to implement it
\f1\b0 \

\fs28 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f2\b \cf0 1. A Cat, a Parrot, and a Bag of Seed\

\f3\b0 In this scenario, the issue is that a man with a two-person boat has a parrot, a cat, and a bag of seed he has to move across a river.\
\
There are a few conflicts the man is facing; his boat is too small, his cat could eat his parrot, or the parrot could eat the bag of seed. Best case scenario, the man will be able to transport everything without weighing down his boat or having any of his things eaten.\
\
Possible Solutions:\
	-He could build a raft out of branches and attach that to his boat somehow so he could pull the other two items behind him. \
	-He could arrange a way to take each item across one by one without leaving the wrong ones alone together.\
\
Both solutions would meet the intended goal; however, there\'92s no guarantee that the raft would stay afloat. Additionally, if he chose the raft solution, he\'92d have to put the bag of seed with the parrot or the cat on the raft. The parrot would eat the bag of seed; the cat would panic and spill the seed because of it\'92s fear of water.\
\
The best solution to the challenging situation the man has found himself in. He would develop a plan that allows him to transport all passengers across the river without leaving the wrong ones together alone. \
Here\'92s how he would do that:\
	1. Take the parrot across the river and go back to the other side\
	2. 	A. Take the seed across the river and leave it there\
	2. 	B. Take the parrot back to the other side of the river\
	3. Leave the parrot and take the cat across the river\
	4. Leave the cat on that side of the river (now we have the cat and the bag of seed on this side!)\
	5. Go back across the river and grab the parrot\
	6. Take the parrot to the other side of the river, where the cat and bag of seed is waiting\
	7. The man has now successfully transported all passengers to the other side of the river\
\
\
\

\f2\b 2. Socks in the Dark
\f3\b0 \
I have 20 socks in a drawer that are a mixture of black, brown, and white. I need to grab some matching pairs of socks out of the drawer, but the room is dark. \
\
First, I need to find one matching pair of socks without turning the lights on and grabbing the least amount of socks as possible. After that I have to find matching pairs of socks in each color without turning the lights on and grabbing the least amount of socks as possible.\
\
I need to determine the odds of grabbing matching pairs of socks; first, I\'92ll determine the probability of grabbing each type of sock. There are 5 pairs of black socks, 3 pairs of brown socks, and 2 pairs of white socks, making 10 pairs or 20 total socks. 10 of the 20 socks are black, 6 of 20 socks are white, and 4 of 20 socks are white. Therefore, I have a 50% of grabbing a black sock, a 30% chance of grabbing a brown sock, and a 20% chance of grabbing a white sock. Because socks don\'92t have a specific foot they must be on, any black sock will pair with another black, any brown sock will pair with another brown, and any white sock will pair with another white.\
 \
My first goal is to get a matching pair of socks in any color. Based on the statistics determined above, if I grab 4 socks and they are black, brown, and white I can grab one more sock and have at least two socks of the same color. \
\
To obtain a pair of socks in each color, I would pull 8 socks out of the drawer. If I grab 10 socks odds are 5 of them will be black, 3 of them will be brown, and 2 of them will be white. That would give me a matching pair of socks in each color.\
\
\
\
\

\f2\b 3. Predicting Fingers\

\f3\b0 In this scenario I am trying to determine which finger a little girl will land on when she counts on her fingers to 10, 100, and 1000 in a predetermined pattern.\
\
It\'92s challenging to decipher which finger she will land on because the pattern is uncommon and seems inconsistent at first glance. My goal is to determine which finger she\'92ll land on when counting to each number without having to write out the numbers and their corresponding fingers all the way to 1000. To do this, I must find a common theme in the pattern. I would write out the numbers and corresponding fingers just enough to identify a common theme in where the numbers land. \
\
I wrote the pattern out from 1 to 100. I discovered that odd numbers will always land on either the thumb, middle finger, or little finger; and evens will land on either the first finger or the ring finger. Another notable discovery is the pattern in which the multiples of ten fall. For example: 10 lands on the first finger, 20 and 30 land on the ring finger, 40 and 50 land on the first finger, 60 and 70 land on the ring finger, and so forth. \
\
Applying the themes we discovered in our test case above, we can determine:\
A. When the girl counts from 1 to 10, 10 will fall on the first finger\
B. When the girl counts from 1 to 100, 100 will fall on the ring finger\
C. When the girl counts from 1 to 1000, 1000 will fall on the first finger}